---
draft		: true
title       : "OSS 2017"
date        : "2018-02-12"
tags        : ["GDPR", "Data Protection", "Data Protection", "CyberSecurity"]
categories  : ["Previous-Years"]
banner      : ""
images      : ""
year : 2018
author      : Harrie Bickle adapted from 2017
---


## OSS 2017

Last year's summit saw some of the best minds in Application Security and OWASP collaborating to solve some of the most challenging security issues of 2017. The summit brought together: security experts, developers, end users, government agencies and vendors. 

The energy was incredible. This was an environment just bursting with geek-synergies. People worked from 8am till 2am, we had to feed them to make sure they did not fade out. Discussions started over breakfast, continued during the workshops and carried on late into the night.

OSS sits at the epicentre of AppSec. The issues we fix impact people the world over. From browser security to securing GitHub integrations, the man on the street has no concept of what we are doing to keep their data safe.

Thanks to everyone who (attended/organised??): [Alexander Antukh](link each organiser to current company?), Bjoern Kimminich, Colin Domoney, David Rook, Dinis Cruz, Francois Raynaud, Geoff Hill, Lucus Ferreira, Mike Milner, Nanne-Baars, Ofer Maor, Sam Stepanyan, Sebastien Deleersnyder, Stefan Streichsbier, Steven van der Baan, Sven Schleier and Viktorija Almazova.

## OSS 2018 
The summit is back in [2018](https://open-security-summit.org/). Do you have an AppSec issue that is burning your business, your team or your brain? Do you want to take a leadership role and lead a workshop?

Do you know people on ApSec, DevSecOps, OWASP, Devs, DevOps projects and C-level execs that need to [be there](https://open-security-summit.org/tickets/)?
