---
draft : true
title : Identified Issues
layout: identified-issues
---
# Open Security Summit 2018 - Identified Weaknesses and Issues

**Date Create:** 05/June/2018 (DAY 2 Summit)
**Latest Update:** 11/June/2018
**Contributors to the document:**
 - Vasil Buraliev | logistics team member | vasil.buraliev@vbu.mk

*NOTE: If you update this document (add new identified issues) please add your name, role on the summit and email address under the list of contributors above this sentance.*

## About the document
The purpose of the document is to identify weaknesses during the realization of the Open Security Summit 2018 thus will help lessons learned process.

## Identified Isses

The identified issues has been collected during the Summit realization. Some of them are personal experience or experience captured from some of the participants.

### Infrastructure Related
1. **Power extenders (extension cord)** were **missing**.
2. Some participants were going **directly to Slack** trying to **find the appropriate channels** were **experience** some **difficulties**. (They experienced some difficulties to find the Slack channels for sessions according a channel name. Some people were avoiding the website and session pages which includes link to connect a Slack channel.)
3. **Unable to find villas** to **attend** the **sessions** because there was **not clear information** about the **reference between villas numbers** (campus identifier) and **villa names** (OSS naming convention). Villas have been named according the Summit nomenclature (ex. DevSecCon villa) and no reference to campus villa numbers (ex. 313).
4. Some participants were having comments that **too much Slack channels**.

#### Live Stream / Remote Participation
5. **Technical obstacles** has been experienced for the **remote participants**, **including remote technical writers** who had to cover some sessions and write outcomes.
6. In some cases, for some sessions, **remote participants** were **not able** to **listen** the **onsite audience** and **the speaker very well**.
7. There was **join remotely link** on a sessions for which **there was not remote environment setup** at all. (Not correct information on the website for some of the sessions. For instance, one of the main conference rooms did not had remote participation setup and on the website session pages happening in that room there was a link for join remotely.)
8. For some sessions (especially those in Portland) **remote organizers** were **not able** to share **video and audio** with acceptable level of quality during their sessions. (**Only audio streaming was realized**. The organizer(s) shared presentation materials on Slack and participants were following presentation off line while they were listening audio stream). The might case is low Internet connection but not confirmed.
9. The **setup for remote environment** has been done **too late**. (The first day of the Summit.) **No test** of the **remote environment before the Summit**.

### Content Related
10. **Some** of the **sessions didn't had description**.

### Organization related
11. Some participants were **not able** to **find** the **location of villas** which hosts some of the **evening sessions**.
12. **Some participants** were **having comments** that their **sessions disappeared from the schedule** (participants that were interested in some of the sessions that either were rescheduled or removed from the schedule). Ð¢oo much agility but on the other hand they linked the dynamics.
13. Some of the sessions (especially evening sessions) **the representatives of the organizers were not showing on** those **sessions** at all. (An example would be Darktrace related evening sessions (`Darktrace Tuning Session` and `Incident handling with DarkTrace`) that could happen in Photobox villa in Wednesday - 06/June)
14. Some **participants** were **not aware** that they **could find useful information** on the **website**.
15. Some **participants** were **not aware** that **session Slack channels exists**.

### Accommodation & Food Related
16. One participant **complained** about **the accommodation**. (*NOTE: Information already shared with the committee members Dinis and Francois*)  
